[CUBRIDMAN-178] not allow to alter the column type to a type that does not support auto-increment. (#442)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/sql/schema/table_stmt.rst

When you change data types using the **CHANGE** clause or the **MODIFY** clause, the data can be modified. For example, if you shorten the length of a column, the character string may be truncated if the value of configuration parameter alter_table_change_type_strict is set to **no**. But if the parameter value is set to **yes**, the change or modify is not allowed and it returns an error.
the configuration parameter allow_truncated_string also affect the similar as alter_table_change_type_strict.

> If a column is specified as auto_increment, when changing the column type, it cannot be changed to a type other than the type that can be specified as auto_increment. For example, if you try to change the column type with the ALTER statement as shown below, an error occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When changing the type of the column specified AUTO_INCREMENT, it can't be changed to a column type that not be allowed to used with the AUTO_INCREMENT. For example, if you try to change the column type of "a" from INT to VARCHAR with the ALTER statement as shown below, an error occurs.
```

> When changing the type of the column specified AUTO_INCREMENT, it can't be changed to a column type that not be allowed to used with the AUTO_INCREMENT. For example, if you try to change the column type of "a" from INT to VARCHAR with the ALTER statement as shown below, an error occurs.

Reviewer 2: It would be better to say "it cannot be changed to a column type that is not allowed to be used with the AUTO_INCREMENT."

Author: Ok, good point. I modified as your comment.
